$Id: README,v 1.1 2013-07-10 04:17:04 mschimek Exp $

This is the README file in the Zapping SVN repository web module,
which contains the master version of all files in the Zapping project
web space. All changes to the Zapping website must be made in the
repository and then uploaded to sourceforge.net. The Doxygen
documentation for libzvbi and librte is not in this repository,
details below.

Instructions for the website maintainer as of 2017-11-29
--------------------------------------------------------

For write access to the SVN repository and access to the SF shell and
web space you must create a SSH key pair and attach the public key to
your SF account. See the SF documentation for details. To check out
the repository for the first time on your own computer type

   svn checkout --username=USERNAME svn+ssh://USERNAME@svn.code.sf.net/p/zapping/svn/trunk/web web

Replace USERNAME with your SF account username. For details on
updating your copy of the repository and committing changes see the
SVN documentation. To log into your SF shell account type

   ssh -t USERNAME@shell.sourceforge.net create

This will create a virtual machine, a new shell, and give you access
to your personal directory /home/users/U/US/USERNAME. The Zapping web
space is accessible under /home/project-web/zapping. To check out the
web SVN for the first time type

  cd /home/project-web/zapping
  svn checkout https://svn.code.sf.net/p/zapping/svn/trunk/web .
  ./prepare_web.sh

The svn command checks out a read-only copy of the web SVN module and
./prepare_web.sh adjusts the access permissions for the Sourceforge
web server. To update this copy of the repository you can just run

  ./prepare_web.sh

We also publish a copy of the Doxygen documentation for libzvbi and
librte on the Zapping website. These files are not in the web
repository but created on the fly from the libzvbi and librte sources
and then placed under /home/project-web/zapping/doc/libzvbi or
librte. They should be updated on every new release of the libraries
by running

  ./prepare_dox.sh vbi libzvbi

or

  ./prepare_dox.sh rte librte

The first argument specifies the SVN module, the second one the
subdirectory where the HTML files are to be placed. The script checks
out the SVN module, runs Doxygen, copies the HTML files with suitable
access permissions, then deletes the SVN files. You do not need to run
./prepare_web.sh first or afterwards.

You should test and review any changes to scripts and webpages on your
own computer before you update the live website.
